Just a reminder a task is
to produce a type that's
similar to this here,
the type of this methods object.
But we want to see every non
promise value that is returned
from a function wrapped in a promise.
So first what we can do is check
to see if this object has a lot of
functions on it because effectively
we need to kinda like extract
out that return value and
maybe wrap it in a promise somehow.
So we'll probably need a map type, right?
Anytime you iterate over the keys of
something, and you're producing new
values or new value types,
map type is probably what you want to do.
So here we're gonna say K in key of T,
good.
Great and that compiles.
So here, then we're gonna say,
all right, so
if the value found that's associated
with a different key is
an instance of a function.
Sorry instance of it's not the word
we use here extends function.
So this is gonna be our call signature.
And we're gonna use infer to kind
of pluck out that return type.
So we're beginning a conditional
type here and we're saying look,
if it extend this callable thing,
by the way while we're performing this
check go pluck off that return type.
And then we could say promise
are otherwise never and
let's see what we have so far.
So what does async methods look like?
We've got add and subtract, sorry,
those are now promises that
resolve to numbers we need them to be
methods that return these promise.
So we can go up here so
effectively we can just alter this branch.
So we'll say, Infer args,
we'll use our variadic tupple type there.
That's easy we kind of capture
the args capture the return value.
And turns out that this looks like the
solution here at least a basic solution,
right?
So, important things to look at here
we're using a conditional type,
here's the extends keyword.
The branch if that pans out is true,
this is the false branch.
And then we can use this infer
keyword to sort of, as we're
matching against this pattern much like a
regular expression right where we can say.
Do you match this pattern?
And by the way,
while you're making the match,
pluck out this part of the email address,
give me the domain, give me the user ID.
And that gives us an opportunity to
sort of refer to the arguments and
the return value in a different way.
So let me add an async thing here and
see how it works.
Right, a function that
already returns to promise.
That resolves to a number, And
let's see what happens here.
So I would hope,
Yeah, so this is not desirable see how
we're returning a promise that resolves to
a promise so that resolves to a number.
There is no need to direct
promises like this.
We chain them,
we don't nest them like this.
So how might we address this?
Well, an easy way to do that is to say,
in this branch if our extends promise,
any then do that.
Otherwise, our return
value is just, R right.
Sorry I might have my condition reversed
here if R is already a promise.
That's where we want to
just send it right through.
And then this is if it's not a promise,
then we we wrap it in that promise,
and we need this.
So,
All right, and let's see what we've got.
Do a sync thing perfect.
It's a promise that resolves to a number.
Add is a promise that
resolves to a number.
So we're just taking the things
that kind of match we're
iterating over all of the keys.
And if the value is a method,
anything callable,
then we're doing this promise wrapping and
only where necessary.
So if we have as an added
benefit something like this,
That's never why we end up with an error
because it's down here we can make we
could let that pass straight through
just for fun as a little extra thing
So here you can see foo could either pass
through as number we could have it passed
through as a promise that resolves to
a number this is kind of where we would
handle none method things, right.
There are no tests in either
case that deal with this.
So it ends up being quite a complicated
type, but the key here is to break it down
into small pieces, sort of sanity,
check yourself as you go along the way.
By the way, all the tests that we've
written we've coded against for
type information today are using
this great library called TSD.
That's where this expect type thing from.
This is really great writing tests for
type information vision is important.
And it helps especially as new compiler
versions come along things may
occasionally break, this helps you kind
of make sure that you can tune things up
without breaking other things.